I I
Ten years.
My old Hu said it was a memory bone
How can the Xu family be unfilial and Lu Wushuang
It hasn't come back in ten years
Only thanks to parents
Dad?
grandson
I'm back!
Peerless 10 years
You're finally back.
I let you take care of your parents
That's how you take care of it
Nonsense, I didn't take good care of Xiaoxian
I didn't take good care of your mom and dad
12 times I came back late
But
Now I'm back.
I will get justice for you
You traitor deserve to talk
You family of traitors
Just be a dog for life
Can't atone for sin
You slander me for treason
Dare to let my whole family be dogs
Excuse me.
Find a good parent and find out what's going on
Yes
Lu Shuang, what do you want to do?
Wang Rong is the village chief
It was you who betrayed the country first
How dare you look for you
I let you remarry my parents
You are now bullying with a nephew
own family own family
Those two old things don't deserve to be my family
I have already decided to divorce you
Married to Wang Rong
It turns out that you have already hooked up together
Made a pair of adulterers
But I'm going to make you responsible for it
And pay the price